Fix Alertmanager Docs Syntax, Add Notes (#524)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.23/07_monitor/03_platform-alerts.md

This Helm chart contains groups for each possible alert type based on `labels.tier` and `labels.severity`. Each receiver must be defined within at least one alert type in order to reveive notifications.

> For example, adding the following receiver to `receivers.platformCritical` would cause platform alerts with `critical` severity to appear in the `#<#your-slack-channel-name>` Slack channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, adding the following receiver to `receivers.platformCritical` would cause platform alerts with `critical` severity to appear in a specified Slack channel:
```

```yaml
alertmanager:
  receivers:
    # Configs for platform alerts
    platform:
      email_configs:
      - smarthost: smtp.sendgrid.net:587
        from: <your-astronomer-alert-email@company.com>
        to: <your-email@company.com>
        auth_username: apikey
        auth_password: SG.myapikey1234567891234abcdef_bKY
        send_resolved: true
    platformCritical:
      slack_configs:
      - api_url: https://hooks.slack.com/services/abc12345/abcXYZ/xyz67890

>         channel: '<#your-slack-channel-name>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        channel: '#<your-slack-channel-name>'
```
Moving asterisks to the outside so people know it's part of the format

  receivers:
    # Configs for platform alerts
    platform:
      email_configs:
      - smarthost: smtp.sendgrid.net:587

>         from: my_alert_email@BASEDOMAIN.com
>         to: my_email@OTHERDOMAIN.com 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        from: <your-astronomer-alert-email@company.com>
        to: <your-email@company.com>
```

Is this `from` email created in any programmatic way? I.e. does it have to be `BASEDOMAIN`? Or we're just assuming that because it's a "company email"

Also, do these email addresses need `'` around them?

Reviewer 2: Also, if we're changing this email I'd change the sentence above that reads `would cause platform alerts with `critical` severity to appear in the `#astronomer_platform_alerts` Slack channel:`

To:

> would cause platform alerts with `critical` severity to appear in the Slack channel of your choice, defined below as `<#your-slack-channel-name>`.

Author: > Also, do these email addresses need ' around them?
I don't believe so. 
Emails, afaik, can be from whatever they want. BASEDOMAIN just felt appropriate / is how I do it. I'm not entirely sure though.

        auth_username: apikey
        auth_password: SG.myapikey1234567891234abcdef_bKY
        send_resolved: true
    platformCritical:

>       slack_configs:
>       - api_url: https://hooks.slack.com/services/12345/abcXYZ/apihookkey

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      slack_configs:
      - api_url: https://hooks.slack.com/services/12345/abcXYZ/<API-Hook-Key>
```

@fritz-astronomer Any idea what these two strings in the middle are supposed to represent? Wondering if instead of `12345` we can drop in another "named" placeholder

Author: @paolaperaza - I changed it to a generic one, from what had been in the docs. Following up on the "why" in slack

>         channel: '#my_slack_channel_name'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        channel: '<#your-slack-channel-name>'
```

        text: |-
          {{ range .Alerts }}{{ .Annotations.description }}
          {{ end }}
        title: '{{ .CommonAnnotations.summary }}'
```

By default, the Alertmanager Helm Chart includes alert objects for platform, critical platform, and Deployment alerts. To configure a receiver for a non-default alert type, such as Deployment alerts with high severity, add that receiver to the `customRoutes` list with the appropriate `match_re` and receiver configuration values. For example:

```yaml
alertmanager:
  customRoutes: 
  - name: deployment-high-receiver
    match_re:
      tier: airflow
      severity: high
```

> Note that if you have a `platform`, `platformCritical`, or `airflow` receiver defined in the prior section - you do not need a `customRoute` to route to them, they will automatically be routed to by the `tier` label

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that if you have a `platform`, `platformCritical`, or `airflow` receiver defined in the prior section, you do not need a `customRoute` to route to them. They will automatically be routed to by the `tier` label.
```
